Topic add matched event description (#3406)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/About-Quality-of-Service-Settings.rst

* Requested incompatible QoS

  The subscription has encountered a publisher on the same topic that is offering a QoS profile that does not satisfy the requested QoS profile, resulting in no connection between the subscription and that publisher.

> Other events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matched events
```

Author: Updated

------------

In addition to QoS events, matched events can be generated when any publisher and subscription establishes or drops the connection between them.
Developers may provide each publisher and subscription with callback functions that are triggered by matched events and handle them in a way they see fit, similar to how messages received on a topic are handled.

* matched

>   Developers can subscribe this event with a publisher or a subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Developers can subscribe to this event with a publisher or a subscription.
```

Author: Updated

>   * Publisher: this event happens while it finds a subscription which matches topic and has compatible QoS or a connected subscription is ceased.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * publisher: this event happens when it finds a subscription which matches the topic and has compatible QoS or a connected subscription is disconnected
```

Author: Updated

>   * subscription: this event happens while it finds a publisher which  matches topic and has compatible QoS or a connected publisher is ceased.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * subscription: this event happens when it finds a publisher which matches the topic and has compatible QoS or a connected publisher is disconnected
```

Author: Updated

  There are demo code on how to use event.

>   * rclcpp: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/rolling/demo_nodes_cpp/src/events/matched_event_detect.cpp>`
>   * rclpy: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/rolling/demo_nodes_py/demo_nodes_py/events/matched_event_detect.py>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * rclcpp: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_cpp/src/events/matched_event_detect.cpp>`
  * rclpy: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_py/demo_nodes_py/events/matched_event_detect.py>`
```

Author: Updated
